and now far up in the Puget Sound
Indians from 18 ancient tribes have
brought war canoes for a test of
endurance a three-mile paddling race
okay nothing 70 strokes a minute
around the halfway turn with a Swinomish
tribes question mark in the lead the
question mark holds the lead as the
planting Indians enter the last half
mile and she wins for the glory of the
Washington pride bring on your college
crews Cookeville Washington eight Indian
tribes four from the United States and
four from Canada are battling here today
in an international speed classic each
50-foot war canoe is man by eleven
stalwart prey and the race is a
modernized revival of the bitter and
bloody contest of Aboriginal days when
Scouts were the Kofi's instead of prize
money and silver cups the crew dugouts
take plenty of water especially when the
crews get excited I think this one's
going to sink the race is a three mile
drive and in justice grueling as it
poughkeepsie intercollegiate race now
they're coming into the stretch and it's
a close battle but the sonic drive from
British Columbia comes in ahead to win
the red mens crew title for 1934
a bunch of Indians they are
Indians from all over the Great
Northwest mid Cookeville Washington the
big event of the powwow is the
International race in which ten war
canoes each manned by eleven Braves
battled swirling river currents were a
silver trophy and a pot of gold from as
far away as British Columbia they've
come to display their prowess in the big
cedar boats that have come down through
the generations to the pale face of
today rounding a tight turn and a
55-foot to is a trick that even a
trained college crew might envy and then
as they straighten out on the return leg
of the three-mile course the sanics
tribe from British Columbia takes the
lead
the Canadian Red Mango the silver on the
gold and they win the event in record
time speed to them is just an old Indian
customs